- What was before called SSL(Secure Socket Layer) is now called TSL(Transport Level Security).
- It operates on top of TCP.
- The client sends a `Client hello` message to the server, along with the `client's random value` and `supported cipher suites`.
- The server responds by sending a `Server hello` message to the client, along with the `server's random value`.
- The server sends its certificate to the client for authentication.
- The client creates a random `Pre-Master Secret` and encrypts it with the public key from the server's certificate, sending the encrypted Pre-Master Secret to the server.
- The server receives the Pre-Master Secret. The server and client each generate the `Master Secret` and `session keys` based on the Pre-Master Secret.
- The client sends `Change cipher spec` notification to server to indicate that the client will start using the new session keys for hashing and encrypting messages. Client also sends `Client finished` message.
- Server receives `Change cipher spec` and switches its record layer security state to symmetric encryption using the session keys. Server sends `Server finished` message to the client.
- Client and server can now exchange application data over the secured channel they have established. 
- All messages sent from client to server and from server to client are encrypted using `session key`.
- Note that pre-master secret is randomly generated by the client.
- Master secret is the very first key that is agreed upon by both server and client.
- `K = f(S, R1, R1)`, where `K` = Master key, `S` = Pre-master key, `R1` = Random value sent by client, `R2` = Random value sent by server.
- `SK = f(K)`, where `SK` = session key, the actual key used for symmetric encryption; different for every session.
- Pre-master key is required to generate the master key in a consistent format (Different key-exchange algorithms create keys of different shapes and sizes).


A very basic view:

- Client sends hello message to server.
- Server replies with public key.
- Client generates symmetric key and sends it encrypted with the public key.
- Server and client now both have the symmetric key and can start using symmetric encryption. 