# Array

- Find a subarray with sum `S` in an array of non-negative integers in O(n).
- Find a subarray with sum `S` in an array of possibly negative integers in O(n).
- Largest subarray with equal number of 0's and 1's in O(n).
- Largest subarray with zero sum.
- Give count of subarrays with sum `S`.
- Give count of subarrays with sum less than `S`.
- Sum of all subarrays.
- Sum of all subsequences.
- Sort a list of 0's and 1's just in one iteration (not 2!)
- Sort a list of 0's, 1's and 2's just in one iteration (not 2!) -> Dutch National Flag
- kth smallest through heap.
- Inversion of array.
- Number of pairs (x,y) in 2 arrays X and Y such that x^y > y^x.
- Relative sorting.
- Intersection of 3 sorted arrays.
- Print all quadruples in an array whose sum is equal to 'k'.
- In a sorted array, check if a pair sums up to 'k'.
- Given 2 arrays, swap 2 numbers to make their sum equal.
- Check if an array can be divided into pairs whose sum is divisible by k.
- Count the number of pairs whose sum is divisible by k.
- Longest consecutive subsequence -> Nice!!
- Next larger element in an array.
- Number of swaps to sort array.
- Number of swaps to sort array when only adjacent swapping allowed.
- Programmer jealousy.
- Max product of subsequence of size 3/4/k. => Nice!
- Max product subarray -> Nice!
- Fisher-Yates shuffle array.
- Pythagorean Triplets.
- Wiggle sort. -> Nice!
- Count of triplets with sum less than target.
- Length of largest subarray with consecutive elements with/without duplicates -> Nice!!
- Smallest positive number which cannot be generated by subset sum -> Brilliant!!
- Smallest subarray with sum greater than threshold.
- Longest span with same sum in 2 arrays.
- Find duplicates in O(1) space complexity.
- Find smallest positive missing value in array in O(1) space complexity. -> Nice!!
- Maximum of all subarrays of size k -> Fantastic!!
- Merge overlapping intervals.
- Increasing triplet subsequence.
- Ugly numbers -> Nice!
- Majority element
- 2 missing elements in consecutive elements.
- Find all missing numbers in array in O(1) space complexity.
- Rotate array by k elements in O(1) space.
- Make palindrome by deleting atmost 1 character.
- Wiggle sort normal and strict.
- Detect cycle in circular array.
- Dutch national flag sorting.
- Move all zeroes to the end.
- Find the frequency of all elements in place (No extra space) -> Nice!
- Find missing element in AP/GP using binary search.
- Circular tour petrol.
- Circular tour petrol - Number of tours -> Hard!
- Chocolate distribution.
- Generate next permutation:
  - Generate all permutations with duplicates.
  - First/next palindromic permutation.
- Generate nth permutation in O(n).
- Match patterns -> Nice!!
- Odd even sort.
- Sum of 4 elements in an array summing to a target value.
- Number of triangles from an array.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- Merge 2 sorted arrays in O(1) space.
- Count all sub-arrays having sum divisible by k.
- Set intersection, union, difference, isDisjoint(), symmetric_difference.
- <https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/rearrange-array-maximum-minimum-form-set-2-o1-extra-space/>
- https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/sum-subset-differences/
